Revise Get Started and tutorial pages for clarity (#1080)
rafaqz/Rasters.jl: docs/src/tutorials/plot_makie.md

# Rasters with Makie.jl

## Setup

In a script or notebook, install the packages used in this tutorial:

````julia
using Pkg
Pkg.add(["Rasters", "CairoMakie", "Makie", "RasterDataSources", "ArchGDAL"])
````

To download data you will need to specify a folder to put it in. You can do this by assigning the environment variable RASTERDATASOURCES_PATH: 

````julia

> ENV["RASTERDATASOURCES_PATH"] = "/home/user/Data/" # your path here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ENV["RASTERDATASOURCES_PATH"] = joinpath(homedir(), "RasterDataSources") # or "/your/path/here"
```

This is platform independent and will work if the user copy-pastes it

# Rasters with Makie.jl

## Setup

Install the required packages by entering the Julia REPL package mode (press `]`) and typing:

```julia
add Rasters CairoMakie Makie RasterDataSources ArchGDAL
```

or from a script/notebook: 

````julia
using Pkg

> Pkg.add(["Rasters", "CairoMakie", "Makie", "RasterDataSources", "ArchGDAL"])

Reviewer 2: maybe just provide the user with a single method

## Using vanilla Makie

So far we've leaned on Rasters' Makie recipes, which take a raster directly and set up the axes and layout for us. For full control over the figure, we can instead build the scaffolding manually.

````@example makie
using Rasters, RasterDataSources
````
The data:

````@example makie
layers = (:evenness, :range, :contrast, :correlation) # tuple of the four variable names from HabitatHeterogeneity we want to use
st = RasterStack(EarthEnv{HabitatHeterogeneity}, layers) # load the four layers together as a RasterStack
ausbounds = X(100 .. 160), Y(-50 .. -10) # Roughly cut out Australia using the .. selector to subset the X and Y dimensions by their lookup values

> aus = st[ausbounds...] |> Rasters.trim # crop to the bounds, then trim away the empty (missing) edge rows/columns

Reviewer: Might be useful to move the comments to lines of their own above the code - otherwise, it can be a bit hard to see on small screens

````
!!! note

>       Rasters extends [`DimensionalData`](https://rafaqz.github.io/DimensionalData.jl/stable/)'s `DimArray` and `DimStack` to build `Raster` and `RasterStack` objects, and uses its selectors such as `..`, which selects a range of lookup values.

Reviewer 3: This is maybe a bit confusing because a package extension is a specific (different) thing.

Maybe something like: "Raster and Rasterstack objects are (implement?) AbstractDimArrays and AbstractDimStacks, and therefore all of DimensionalData indexing functionality works"

Reviewer: I think the usual terminology is that "Rasters implement the DimensionalData interface" or "Rasters are also AbstractDimArrays, and therefore all DimensionalData indexing functionality works" (probably with a link to DD)

## Using vanilla Makie

So far we've leaned on Rasters' Makie recipes, which take a raster directly and set up the axes and layout for us. For full control over the figure, we can instead build the scaffolding manually.

````@example makie
using Rasters, RasterDataSources
````
The data:

````@example makie
layers = (:evenness, :range, :contrast, :correlation) # tuple of the four variable names from HabitatHeterogeneity we want to use
st = RasterStack(EarthEnv{HabitatHeterogeneity}, layers) # load the four layers together as a RasterStack
ausbounds = X(100 .. 160), Y(-50 .. -10) # Roughly cut out Australia using the .. selector from DimensionalData.jl
aus = st[ausbounds...] |> Rasters.trim # crop to the bounds, then trim away the empty (missing) edge rows/columns
````
!!! note

>       Rasters extends [`DimensionalData`](https://rafaqz.github.io/DimensionalData.jl/stable/)'s `DimArray` and `DimStack` to build `Raster` and `RasterStack` objects, and uses its selectors such as `..`

Reviewer 2: should `..` be defined early on? i.e. `..` is the Between operator that selects ranges from dimension Lookups

Reviewer 4: well.. `The `..` or IntervalSets.Interval selector selects a range of values: `..` is like indexing with a UnitRange`, see here: https://rafaqz.github.io/DimensionalData.jl/stable/selectors#Selectors
